public interface Calculator {

	public float add(float a, float b);
}


public class Main {

	public static float customAdd(float a, float b) {
        return a + b;
    }
	
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		// TODO Auto-generated method stub

	
		
		
		
		Calculator cal = new Calculator()
				{

					@Override
					public float add(float a, float b) {
						// TODO Auto-generated method stub
						return a+b;
					}
			
				
					
	};

	Calculator cal2 = (a,b) -> {return a+b;};
	
	Calculator cal3 = Float::sum;
	
	Calculator cal4 = Main::customAdd;
	
	System.out.println(cal.add(10, 20));;
	System.out.println(cal2.add(30,40));
	System.out.println(cal3.add(50,50));
	System.out.println(cal4.add(90,50));
}
}


The code you provided demonstrates the use of a functional interface called Calculator and various ways to implement its add method, both with anonymous classes, lambda expressions, and method references.

Here's an explanation of the code:

Calculator Interface:

This is a functional interface with a single abstract method add(float a, float b) for performing addition.
Main Class:

The Main class contains the main method, which serves as the entry point for your Java program.
customAdd Method:

This is a static method defined within the Main class. It takes two float parameters and returns their sum. 
This method will be used later as a method reference for the add operation.
main Method:

This is where the main logic of your program is defined.

Anonymous Class (cal):

You create an instance of the Calculator interface using an anonymous class. Inside the anonymous class, you implement 
the add method by overriding it. In this implementation, you return the sum of the two input parameters a and b.
Calculator cal = new Calculator() {...} creates an instance of the Calculator interface and implements the add method in-line.

Lambda Expression (cal2):

You create another instance of the Calculator interface using a lambda expression. The lambda expression (a, b) -> { return a + b; }
implements the add method by returning the sum of the input parameters a and b.

Method Reference (cal3):

You create a Calculator instance cal3 using a method reference. Float::sum is a built-in method reference that performs the addition 
of two float values. It is used as a method reference to implement the add method of the Calculator interface.

Method Reference (cal4):

You create another Calculator instance cal4 using a method reference, but this time, you reference your custom customAdd method from 
the Main class, which also performs addition.

Output:

Finally, you call the add method on each of the Calculator instances and print the results to the console. This demonstrates that you can 
use different ways to implement the add method while adhering to the Calculator functional interface's contract.

This code provides examples of implementing the same add method of the Calculator interface using different techniques, including anonymous 
classes, lambda expressions, and method references.


The choice of which implementation approach is "best" depends on your specific requirements and coding style. Each of the methods you 
demonstrated has its advantages and use cases:

Anonymous Class:

Useful when you need to create a one-time, custom implementation of the add method for a specific instance of the interface.
Allows you to define the implementation inline, which can be helpful for small, specific use cases.
Lambda Expression:

Provides a concise and expressive way to implement the add method for functional interfaces.
Best for cases where the implementation is simple and doesn't require a separate method definition.
Method Reference:

Offers a clean and concise way to reference an existing method that matches the functional interface's method signature.
Useful when you have existing methods or built-in methods that can be reused.
For most cases, lambda expressions or method references are preferred because they make the code more concise and readable. 
Lambda expressions are especially useful for simple implementations. Method references are beneficial when you have existing
methods that match the signature, making your code more modular and allowing for easier reuse.

Ultimately, the "best" approach depends on your specific use case, the complexity of your implementation, and your coding style.
If you have a simple, one-time implementation, a lambda expression or anonymous class might be sufficient. If you want to reuse 
an existing method or create a more modular implementation, method references are a good choice.




