In Java, the intern() method is used to place a String object in the internal pool of string literals. The internal pool is a storage area in the 
Java Virtual Machine (JVM) where all unique string literals are stored.

When you create a new String object in Java using the new keyword, a new object is created in memory, even if the same string value already exists in the pool. 
However, if you call the intern() method on a string, Java checks if that string already exists in the internal pool. If it does, the existing string is returned, 
and if not, a new entry is added to the pool and the new string is returned.

Using the intern() method can be useful in situations where you have a large number of strings that need to be compared for equality, as it allows you to compare 
them by reference rather than by value. This can lead to significant performance improvements in some cases.

String str1 = new String("hello");
String str2 = "hello";
String str3 = str1.intern();

System.out.println(str1 == str2);  // false
System.out.println(str2 == str3);  // true


In this example, str1 and str2 are different objects, even though they contain the same value. However, calling intern() on str1 returns a reference to the existing string
in the pool, which is the same as str2, so str2 == str3 is true.


Difference between:

String msg = "Good Day";
String msg = "Good Day".intern();

In Java, string literals declared in the source code (e.g., "Good Day") are automatically interned by the compiler. This means that the string literal is added to the 
string pool, and when you assign it to a String variable, the variable references the interned string object from the pool.

So, in the statement String name = "Good Day";, the string literal "Good Day" is interned by the compiler, and the name variable references the interned string object 
from the string pool.

However, if you were to explicitly call the intern() method like this: String name = "Good Day".intern();, it would enforce interning the string object at runtime, even
if it's not a string literal. This can be useful if you have a dynamically created string that you want to ensure is interned.


In real-time applications, strings can be duplicated in various scenarios, and managing string duplication is important for optimizing memory usage and performance. 
Here are a few real-world use cases where string duplication can occur:

Web Applications:

HTTP Request Parameters: When processing HTTP requests, the query parameters or form data may contain duplicate strings. For example, if you receive multiple requests with 
the same parameter names and values, those values may create duplicate strings.

Database Operations:

Database Query Results: When fetching data from a database, the result sets often contain duplicate strings, especially in columns with repetitive values.

Text Processing:

Text Parsing: When parsing and processing text data, you may create multiple string objects with similar or identical content.

Logging:

Log Messages: In logging, you may generate log messages with repetitive text, leading to duplicate strings in log files or memory.

User Input:

User-Generated Content: User-generated content in applications can lead to duplicated strings, especially when dealing with comments, posts, or chat messages with similar content.

Caching:

Caching Results: When caching results, you may store strings that are already present in the cache. This can result in duplicated strings in the cache.
In these scenarios, developers need to be aware of potential string duplication and take measures to minimize it, such as using string interning, using efficient data structures 
(e.g., Set to store unique values), and optimizing data processing and storage to reduce unnecessary string duplication. Reducing string duplication can help improve memory
efficiency and application performance, especially in real-time systems where resource utilization is critical.



